hey welcome back to a very special
episode of the lab I'm daddy clay daddy
Brad is away on paternity leave so if
your wife is expecting it's a good time
for you to start participating in the
domestic chores and a great one that you
can pick up is doing a little bit of
grocery shopping but what kind of
healthy food on should you be picking
out for you're expecting wife we've come
here to Whole Foods in Austin to get a
few ideas
you
so here with Mary Olivar who's the
healthy eating specialist here at Whole
Foods and austin and she's gonna give us
some tips on how to fill up a healthy
grocery cart for pregnant mom okay Mary
what's the first thing is going in this
car my personal favorite is kale the
dark leafy greens are nutrient
powerhouses not only do they have that
super important folic acid but they also
have calcium needs you to absorb
non-dairy form iron fiber vitamin A
vitamin C and lots of other super
support support of nutrients for mom and
baby looks a little daunting at first
but once you saw today it steam it put
it in soup so it's gonna be much easier
to eat it is also delicious beautiful I
recommend it for every day from and it
goes okay what's going next into the car
baked salmon is one of my favorites
mom's hear a lot about eating enough
essential fatty acids particularly
omega-3s and DHA all of which are found
in salmon of these are the healthy fats
that are essential for baby's brain
development and for the nervous system
great good friends good fast and salmon
is a good fish to eat because it is
considered to be a low mercury fish so
it's safe for moms to eat two times a
week i've heard there are some
conservative there's some kind of fish
that moms aren't supposed to eat this
supposed to avoid sushi well and the and
the higher mercury fishes the FDA
recommends that moms do not eat shark
king mackerel
fish and marlin and swordfish when
they're pregnant lower mercury fishes
are fine though but also no sushi for
moms you want to decrease your risk of
foodborne illness I have to say I saw
your eyes light up as we walked over
here yeah you know it's a little bit
nervous with a kale you know but now in
this section I'm feeling a little more
comfortable well it's all about balance
and moms definitely have increasing her
protein great place to get it is meat
and my favorite kind of meats for mom is
the grass fed grass fed beef and bison
or sometimes we call it Buffalo not only
does grass-fed beef contain higher
amount of those great essential fatty
acids that we talked about earlier but
it's also good sources of iron and zinc
in addition to that great protein the
color of it is is different the color of
the fats the color the meat is local
it's grass-fed I can't wait to taste it
studies have shown that certain colors
of beans actually have extremely high
levels of antioxidants again for mom and
baby okay all right so what kind of
beans he would be like this you can
really play around there's a lot of
variety I like to soak them and cook
them myself feeling a little bit lazy
canned beans are also an option they're
very versatile you can put them in all
kinds of dishes if you're really lazy
you could eat it right out of the camp
so here we are the amazing cheese
secular whole food there's gonna be like
a billion and a half cheese's right here
well there's some kind of cheeses though
that are not healthy for bring them all
yes pregnant moms are warned to stay
away from soft cheeses and cheeses that
are made raw unpasteurized milk and age
for less than 60 days but otherwise
cheese is a good she's a great thing
moms are looking for the calcium extra
protein and it's delicious I agree with
that I guess so we should probably load
up your wood so specifically the kind of
cheese you want to avoid is that like
your um your brie Brie Kim I bear this
sort of really soft cuz she cheese it is
just to reduce the risk of foodborne
illnesses yeah I'm gonna really I'm
gonna really recommend that you stay
away from those because they're gross
but any kind of cheese is firm to the
touch is fine so most of them really you
know what this has been an amazing tour
this this part is just full of beautiful
healthy food items for a pregnant mom I
really appreciate you giving us a tool
around thank you very much with my
pleasure look forward to shopping here
at Whole Foods in the future thanks for
coming well that's all for us this week
here in the lab thanks to our sponsors
BabyBjorn of course to the good people
here at whole foods for showing us
around and picking out some healthy food
items for expecting moms do me a favor
go to dadlabs.com friend up daddy Brad
and send him a message congratulating
him on the arrival of his third child a
little baby boy we'll see you next time
here in the lab
you